---
layout: page
permalink: /presentations/
title: presentations
description: 
nav: true
nav_order: 3
---

0. **Construction of QC-LDPC Codes with Girth g from the Hermite Normal Form of a Matrix**, 2025 IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory (ISIT), University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, Michigan, June 26, 2025.
0. **Using Spectral Analysis to Optimize Certain Parameters of QC-LDPC Codes**, 2025 AMS Spring Southeastern Sectional Meeting, Clemson University, Clemson, South Carolina, March 8, 2025.
0. **QC-LDPC Codes from Expander Graphs**, 2024 AMS Fall Central Sectional Meeting, The University of Texas - San Antonio, San Antonio, Texas, September 15, 2024.
0. **Generalized Quasi-Cyclic LDPC Codes: Design and Efficient Encoding**, 2024 IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory (ISIT), Athens, Greece, July 8, 2024.
0. **An algebraic approach to construct QC-LDPC codes with girth g and shortest block-length**, 2024 SIAM Spring Eastern Sectional Meeting, Howard University, Washington DC, April 6, 2024.
0. **A Low Complexity PEG-like Algorithm to Construct Quasi-Cyclic LDPC
Codes**, 2023 12th International Symposium on Topics in Coding (ISTC), Brest, France, September 5, 2023. 
0. **Using Partial Orthomorphisms to Construct Short Quasi-Cyclic LDPC Codes with Girth at Least 6**, 2023 12th International Symposium on Topics in Coding (ISTC), Brest, France, September 5, 2023.
0. **On the Tanner Cycle Distribution of QC-LDPC Codes from Polynomial Parity-Check Matrices**, 2023 IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory (ISIT), Taipei, Taiwan, June 30, 2023.
0. **A Low-Complexity PEG-like Algorithm to Construct Quasi-Cyclic LDPC Codes**, SIAM Southeastern Atlantic Section Annual Meeting, Virginia Tech, March 26, 2023. 
0. **An Efficient Strategy to Count Cycles in the Tanner Graph of Quasi-Cyclic LDPC Codes**, XXXVIII Seminario Interuniversitario de Investigación en Ciencias Matem\'aticas (SIDIM), University of Puerto Rico, Mayagüez Campus, February 25, 2023.
0. **Counting cycles in the Tanner graph of QC-LDPC codes**, Algebraic Geometry and Number Theory Seminar, Rice University, November 8, 2022.
0. **On the Tanner Cycle Distribution of QC-LDPC Codes from Polynomial Parity-Check Matrices**, Discrete Seminar, University of Nebraska-Lincoln, October 25, 2022. (virtual)
0. **On the Tanner Cycle Distribution of QC-LDPC Codes from Polynomial Parity-Check Matrices**, Postgraduate International Coding Theory Seminar (PICSeminar), October 20, 2022. (virtual)
0. **Using Minors to Construct Generator Matrices for Quasi-Cyclic LDPC Codes**, IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory (ISIT), Espoo, Finland, June 27, 2022.
0. **Necessary and Sufficient Girth Conditions for LDPC Tanner Graphs with Denser Protographs**, International Symposium on Topics in Coding (ISTC), Montr\'eal, Canada, September 2, 2021 (virtual).
0. **Linear codes, graphs, and the projective special linear group PSL_2(F_q)**, XXXIV Seminario Interuniversitario de Investigación en Ciencias Matem\'aticas (SIDIM), University of Puerto Rico at Humacao, March 1, 2019. 
0. **Linear Codes from Graphs Generated by the Projective Special Linear Group PSL_2(F_q)**, University of Puerto Rico, Río Piedras Campus, December 11, 2018.
0. **Cayley Graphs of PSL_2(F_q) and Ramanujancy: Second Part**, University of Puerto Rico, Río Piedras Campus. June 13, 2018.
0. **Cayley Graphs of PSL_2(F_q) and Ramanujancy: First Part**, University of Puerto Rico, Río Piedras Campus. May 21, 2018.
0. **Notes on Graph Theory and Ramanujan Graphs**, University of Puerto Rico, Río Piedras Campus. January 31, 2018.
0. **Notes on Continued Fractions**, Graduate Seminar, University of Puerto Rico, Río Piedras Campus, June 20, 2017.
0. **Simulacro del PEAU en Matemáticas**, Colectivo Universitario para el Acceso, University of Puerto Rico at Cayey, February 11, 2017.
0. **El apoyo académico del CUA-UPR en Cayey: principios y retos**, Segundo Encuentro Estudiantil de Investigación, Creación y Servicio Comunitario, University of Puerto Rico at Cayey, December 7, 2015. (with C. Torres-Rivera, L. Rodríguez-Rivera, J. Sosa-Díaz)
0. **Modelos de cazador-presa: Una nueva estrategia de persecución**, Primer Encuentro Estudiantil de Investigación, Creación y Servicio Comunitario, University of Puerto Rico at Cayey, May 15, 2015. (with L. Molina-Rodríguez)
{: reversed="reversed"}
